Add SA quick start videos (#656)
autonomys/subspace-docs: docs/farming-&-staking/farming/intro.mdx

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

:::tip Installation Videos

> For those who prefer a visual guide, we have prepared installation videos to assist you. The videos will help you to set up the Space Acres farming application in under 10 minutes. Please follow [the installation videos](/docs/farming-&-staking/farming/space-acres/space-acres-install.mdx#installation-videos) to install the wallet extension and refer to the detailed guide on downloading and configuring Autonomys' farming application, Space Acres.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For those who prefer a visual guide, we have prepared installation videos to assist you. The videos will help you to set up the Space Acres farming application in under 10 minutes. Please follow [the installation videos](/docs/farming-&-staking/farming/space-acres/space-acres-install.mdx#installation-videos) to use SubWallet to create a compatible Substrate account and refer to the detailed guide on downloading and configuring Autonomys' farming application, Space Acres.
```
